as a marketer you win when you lose
control of your marketing that really
stuck with me when the crowd takes it
and runs with it really turns it into
something you've won this isn't Austin
impact theory being in a bubble there is
a whole world of type of successful
entrepreneurs for whom it's not enough
to have made a ton of cash they really
want to do something you're here at
wondercon 2017 this is the kind of place
I absolutely love people are addressed
the cogs play nine here a lot of amazing
stuff going in seeing if we can find
some really cool artists and really cool
writers people that are doing something
that are maybe a little left of the
mainstream and see if we can find some
people that know what this shirts all
about because if you know this shirt
then you're my kind of people all right
guys let's check it out films have a way
of just getting inside my soul to course
there's a huge part of the reason that
impact theory is all about narrative
narrative has that way of getting inside
somebody taking your emotions along
marrying it to image giving you the
chills taking you on that emotional
roller coaster and embedding within it
intellectual ideas ideology that you can
take out a flight your own life
absolutely love film Theory theory of
comics taking this up seriously and
asking what can I 'extract them it and
apply to my own life the people always
ask you my favorite superheroes but for
me that's the wrong question who my
favorite fiction character that's very
easy neo from the matrix obviously neo
Morpheus that's kind of artwork I love
finding but traditional superhero stuff
I love Iron Man's my favorite Batman
people without superpowers that for me
is like the real juice because if you
have to train and push yourself and grow
and develop like that's my whole shtick
so when I think about what impact theory
as an entity all the universal we want
to exist in is empower miss that the
stories that we tell are going to be a
thousand different angles on people
going from a fixed mindset to a growth
mindset and I want that to really be the
core of our ethos I want people to know
if you go watch
an impact Theory movie if you read an
impact their e-commerce book novel
whatever at the core of that is going to
be empowerment
[Music]
technically daredevil actually doesn't
have God's would you say has superpowers
kind of I guess but really it was about
him learning to hear better because he
had gone blind in like this toxic saying
they uh play that a little too much to
where it starts to feel like a
superpower but please go because he's
essentially using echolocation there's a
resurgence now coming back of 80 stuff
that was perfectly captured by stranger
saying where they've really done this
out to right we're still a great story
phenomenal acting but shot in a way to
actually feel like it was done in the
80s you got leon the professional which
is that definitely makes my top 100
films just an absolutely incredible tale
of getting good at something which of
course of the lens through which I've
you everything but about a girl
motivated by rage who ends up becoming
finding her humanity in becoming a great
assassin which is amazing in a corset
tale of redemption for Leon himself just
really really a beautiful coming-of-age
story tied in action just truly
phenomenal I think Luke's best songs
best film and then of course Reservoir
Dogs which introduced Tarantino to the
world he has got to be one of the most
copied people on the face of the planet
I remember when Pulp Fiction came out I
think it came out in 98 was the year I
graduated from film school every film
geek on the planet wanted to be
Tarantino every movie that came out
after that movie was essentially trying
to be Quentin Tarantino I could watch
the movie over and over and over
especially the diner scene the one that
says bad like that movie
come on the whole like universe of fan
art is really really a cool concept to
me of people taking it and interpreting
it people are given a hard time by the
studio's to make this stuff but men one
of the things that I really want to be
the calling card of impact theory is
anything that we create any intellectual
property I want a community of people to
grow up around that using it and my
promise to our community is we will be
the easiest company on the face of the
planet to get a license to so you can
actually go out and make real money at
this stuff
it is crazy the universe of merchandise
that has grown up around it is truly a
movement but what I want to know is
what's coming next because when
something hits a zenith the popularity
like this it is almost certainly going
to collapse and so what is on the other
side what is that next phase of all of
this walking around this seeing this
stuff going to the comic con is always
really really cool to me to see just how
rapidly and how massively this entire
world has changed so hope you guys had
fun today I know that I've had a blast
if you haven't already been to a comic
con get out and see one even people that
think it's crazy end up having a lot of
fun alright guys until next time my
friend be legendary take care
[Music]